We are with sergio maravilla martínez
one of the best in pound for pound
sergio thank you very much to produce
many others if a very tough fight comes
attractive finally before cotto how you
you feel after having been so
time out of the ring well me
I feel very motivated with a lot of desire
despite being tired now they will have
seen the training that was quite
intense I am in the weeks more
intense harder but prettier
I also really wanted to go back to
I roll to get into competition through
of a big fight like the one I have
as it begins
my idea today as they begin all
the mornings at 4 and 40 I'm
getting up at 5 and 20 I go to the
gym at 6 starts to train
then at 9 if they study at the hotel
back I'm resting I have the
treatment of a therapist
then I work in the hyperbaric chamber
then I rest then lunch and then
rest then I come to train here
then rest treatment
I am 24 hours dedicated fully
to the air to the training that I have today or
morning
I do not distract myself
I have the fight on June 7 and in the
day 8 after the holidays I come from
a quite long holiday and
after June 8 we deserve a
holidays
I'm throwing a little street 13 yes
but he did not have another group Argentine group
Uruguayan
a Uruguayan group that was commanded to like
it's the Uruguayan guys and the singer
it's argentinian you're not going to like me
liking a lot and listening to them
what question marabunta who is better at
its time the two were the best in
its time from now to many years
let's see when when messi
remove let's see who of the
players who could have achieved more
things but in his time today months before
I hope I can go but I will be
traveling a lot because I'm going to be with the
theme of combat celebrations
against little finally after
I never tried alcohol
I think so
a ticket a work invoice of about
quiet mates thank you very much thank you
to you many